# NCD-R-project
- result:
https://xuanjin.shinyapps.io/test/?_ga=2.117666249.1311275407.1655273957-1365262086.1627053455

A non-communicable disease (NCD) is a disease that is not transmissible directly from one person to another. NCDs include Parkinson's disease, autoimmune diseases, strokes, most heart diseases, most cancers, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, Alzheimer’s disease, cataracts, and others. It can be obtained from WHO that noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) kill 41 million people each year, equivalent to 71% of all deaths globally. Each year, more than 15 million people die from a NCD between the ages of 30 and 69 years; 85% of these "premature" deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries. Risk factors such as a person's background, lifestyle and environment increase the likelihood of certain NCDs. Every year, at least 5 million people die because of tobacco use and about 2.8 million die from being overweight. High cholesterol accounts for roughly 2.6 million deaths and 7.5 million die because of high blood pressure.AS the above facts, it is more and more urgent to study and analyze the development status, risk factors and prevention of NCDs. Next, let's explore NCD together!

We have obtained a lot of data on NCD from WHO, IHME and other platforms, including the prevalence data of NCD in all regions of the world from 2000 to 2019, the number of deaths caused by NCD, the main diseases leading to death, the main factors affecting the incidence of NCD, etc. Through the analysis of these data, we can clearly understand the development and trend of NCD in the world. Secondly, by analyzing the risk factors of NCD, we can clearly show the influence of different factors on the prevalence of NCD, and also provide important clues for the prevention of NCDs.

In this app part, we drew several different type graphs. The first one is related to gender, we analyze the proportion of causes of deaths between men and women, of course we also give total in 2019. The second graph is a world map which reflects various death degrees of NCDs in different countries. The third graph illustrated the change of NCDs death number in six main regions of the world from 2000 to 2019.. In order to find the relationship between per capita GDP and mortality fate of NCDs from 2000 to 2019, we performed the forth bubble charts. The main tendency is the higher the country's per capita GDP is, the lower the mortality of NCDs would be, and you are able to analyze each one country to find few meaningful things. The last chart gives the NCDs number among different age groups, color means the type of diseases in 2019. If you want to find more, explore more, please click on our app web.

The most exciting part is coming! Consumers can fill up each question which are related to some personal information, such as sex, age, region. What's more, it will ask you some questions about your habit or lifestyle, for example, how often do you drink or smoke? How often do you go to exercise? You should give your answers honestly and then you will get the probability of having a NCD. In this part, we used regression model to get each risk factor's coefficient, use them and intercept to obtain one equation which can give us the result. Based on this prediction tool, people can adjust their lifestyle and habits, governments can revise relative policies. You now are able to try your own test in our app, go to get your result!
